surely there is a mind for silver and
surely there is a mind for silver and the place where gold is refined iron is
the place where gold is refined iron is
the place where gold is refined iron is taken from the earth and copper to
taken from the earth and copper to
taken from the earth and copper to smelted from or man puts an end to
smelted from or man puts an end to
smelted from or man puts an end to darkness and searches every recess for
darkness and searches every recess for
darkness and searches every recess for or in the darkness and the shadow of
or in the darkness and the shadow of
or in the darkness and the shadow of death he breaks open a shaft away from
death he breaks open a shaft away from
death he breaks open a shaft away from people in places forgotten by feet they
people in places forgotten by feet they
people in places forgotten by feet they hang far away from men they swing to and
hang far away from men they swing to and
hang far away from men they swing to and fro as for the earth
fro as for the earth
fro as for the earth from it comes bread but underneath it is
from it comes bread but underneath it is
from it comes bread but underneath it is turned up as by fire its stones are the
turned up as by fire its stones are the
turned up as by fire its stones are the source of sapphires and that contained
source of sapphires and that contained
source of sapphires and that contained gold dust that pass no bird knows nor
gold dust that pass no bird knows nor
gold dust that pass no bird knows nor has the Falcons I seen it
has the Falcons I seen it
has the Falcons I seen it the proud lines have not trodden dit nor
the proud lines have not trodden dit nor
the proud lines have not trodden dit nor has the fierce lion passed over it he
has the fierce lion passed over it he
has the fierce lion passed over it he puts his hand on the flint he overturns
puts his hand on the flint he overturns
puts his hand on the flint he overturns the mountains at the roots he cuts out
the mountains at the roots he cuts out
the mountains at the roots he cuts out channels in the rocks and his eyes sees
channels in the rocks and his eyes sees
channels in the rocks and his eyes sees every precious thing he dams up the
every precious thing he dams up the
every precious thing he dams up the streams from trickling what is hidden he
streams from trickling what is hidden he
streams from trickling what is hidden he brings forth tonight but where can
brings forth tonight but where can
brings forth tonight but where can wisdom be found and where does the place
wisdom be found and where does the place
wisdom be found and where does the place of understanding man does not know its
of understanding man does not know its
of understanding man does not know its value nor does it found in the land of
value nor does it found in the land of
value nor does it found in the land of the living the deep says it is not in me
the living the deep says it is not in me
the living the deep says it is not in me and the sea says it is not with me
and the sea says it is not with me
and the sea says it is not with me it cannot be purchased for gold rock and
it cannot be purchased for gold rock and
it cannot be purchased for gold rock and silver be weighed for its price
silver be weighed for its price
silver be weighed for its price it cannot be valued in the gold of Ophir
it cannot be valued in the gold of Ophir
it cannot be valued in the gold of Ophir in precious onyx or sapphire neither
in precious onyx or sapphire neither
in precious onyx or sapphire neither gold nor crystal can equal it nor can it
gold nor crystal can equal it nor can it
gold nor crystal can equal it nor can it be exchanged for jewellery of fine gold
be exchanged for jewellery of fine gold
be exchanged for jewellery of fine gold no mention should be made of coral rock
no mention should be made of coral rock
no mention should be made of coral rock quartz for the price of wisdom is above
quartz for the price of wisdom is above
quartz for the price of wisdom is above rubies the topaz a video Pia cannot
rubies the topaz a video Pia cannot
rubies the topaz a video Pia cannot equal it cannot be valued in pure gold
equal it cannot be valued in pure gold
equal it cannot be valued in pure gold from where then does wisdom come and
from where then does wisdom come and
from where then does wisdom come and where is the place of understanding it
where is the place of understanding it
where is the place of understanding it is hidden from the eyes of all living
is hidden from the eyes of all living
is hidden from the eyes of all living and concealed from the birds of the air
and concealed from the birds of the air
and concealed from the birds of the air destruction and death say we have heard
destruction and death say we have heard
destruction and death say we have heard the report about it without ears God
the report about it without ears God
the report about it without ears God understands its way and he knows its
understands its way and he knows its
understands its way and he knows its place for he looks to the ends of the
place for he looks to the ends of the
place for he looks to the ends of the earth and sea's under the whole heavens
earth and sea's under the whole heavens
earth and sea's under the whole heavens to establish a wait for the wind and
to establish a wait for the wind and
to establish a wait for the wind and apportion the waters by measure when he
apportion the waters by measure when he
apportion the waters by measure when he made a law for the rain and a path for
made a law for the rain and a path for
made a law for the rain and a path for the thunderbolt
the thunderbolt
the thunderbolt then he saw wisdom and declared it he
then he saw wisdom and declared it he
then he saw wisdom and declared it he prepared it indeed he searched it out
prepared it indeed he searched it out
prepared it indeed he searched it out and to man he said behold the fear of
and to man he said behold the fear of
and to man he said behold the fear of the Lord that is wisdom and to depart
the Lord that is wisdom and to depart
the Lord that is wisdom and to depart from evil is understanding